>> Kent C. Dodds: Okay, so, with that,
this application is a combination
of a client and a server.
The server is just an API server,
handles authentication as well.
And then, the client is
a create react app application.
Run npm run dev.
Sorry, we're developing, we're not
actually running a production app.
There we go.
That's why
the thing didn't pop open for us.
Full screen, there we go.
Okay, so
now it's loading us with our fake data.
So you should have I think about ten
posts from ten different users and
now you should be able to log in
with til and the password's til.
And then with that you should see
the users, username at the top.
You'll see this plus button at the bottom.
You can click on that and
actually add a post.
So My Post, hey there!
And stuff is cool.
Whatever you wanna do there.
And submit that and
you'll see your post up here at the top.
And this is reminiscent of Twitter because
you can't delete or edit any posts.
So that is actually,
I kind of intentionally left that, so
you could add that if you wanted to and
try to do some TBD with that.
Actually we have an exercise
to add delete to the API and
then you could add that to
the client if you want to.
So that's pretty much
the entire app right there.
So there's user management.
There's post that can be created.
And then we can logout.
And see other people's posts and stuff.
>> Kent C. Dodds: So that's the app, and
for our first test, we're gonna be working
in the authentication piece of the app,
so the authentication module.
So you can close down the server,
you don't need to have
this thing open anymore.
>> Kent C. Dodds: And
to get started with this, we're gonna be
in the server directory,
src, utils, and auth.js.
>> Kent C. Dodds: And then the associated
test with this file is in auth.todo.
If you look at auth.js,
that's the solution.
Feel free to do that and reference it,
but we're gonna be working in auth.todo.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Okay, so I'm gonna be
doing the first test, isPasswordAllowed,
and then you'll be doing
the userToJSON test.
If we look at the source code and
see what these things are doing.
My is password allowed is
checking the passwords length.
It's testing that the password has
at least a number and a non number.
And that's pretty much all the stipulation
for our password validation.
And then user to j.son
takes a user object.
And then removes all this
unsafe properties from it, so
we don't wanna send sort and hash and
other properties too, to the client.
So we're turning that user into safety or
something.
So that's what you will be testing all
that I'm gonna be showing
you is task password alone.
To learn this test
you'll run npm test.
And then let's explore this
watch mode here really quick,
cuz you'll be getting used to this a lot.
So watch mode is full of features,
has some really cool stuff.
My recommendation is actually
read the stuff that it's saying,
don't ignore it,
because it's actually useful.
Most of the time,
things are useful, read stuff.
It's a good thing to learn to do.
So, yeah, during watch mode,
the experience is entirely interactive.
You actually type it in the terminal,
and it will change what's going on.
So the most important lesson,
any new vin user learns how to
quit cuz its not straightforward.
In just watch mode you
just press q to quit.
And then I'll start t up again.
If you want to run us all
of the tests available.
And you hit A and we've got clients
in server tests all running in
parallel just spawns them all off and
they'll touch them all.
So here once we're finished
with a test run, or
even during a test run you can interrupt
a test run by hitting any character.
So if I hit Enter to run things again and
I hit any other character like Q.
It says test run was interrupted.
They say press W to show more.
And I can press o to only run
the test related to changed files,
which is a sweet feature that we can
talk about later if you want to.
What we're mostly interested in is press
P to filter by a file named regex pin.
So you hit P, and
the file name regex pattern we want,
the test we wanna run,
is auth.todo, auth.todo.js.
And that is a regex, so
you could do escapes and stuff.
Looks like we actually have two of those.
So you could hit P again,
utils.*auth.todo.js.
And then just from the one
you are interested in.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Okay, cool.
So just to recap, again,
this is where we are gonna want to be.
So I am gonna start from scratch.
You start MPM test,
you hit P and then utils,
whoop, utils.*auth.todo.
That should get you in this state.